KIs-networking (#112798)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-known-issues.adoc

* When switching between PTP profiles, metrics from the previously applied profile might not be cleaned up correctly. This issue is most noticeable when changing network interfaces (NICs). To work around this problem, you can restart the pod to clean up the metrics. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-66413[OCPBUGS-66413])

> * Currently, BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) daemon fail to listen on port 179 in the `-p 0` configuration, causing a full-mesh iBGP (Interior Gateway Protocol) topology to fail in managed routing mode. To resolve this problem, disable managed routing on the default network. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-84702[OCPBUGS-84702])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, the BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) daemon failed to listen on port 179 in the `-p 0` configuration. This situation caused a full-mesh Interior Gateway Protocol (iBGP) topology to fail in managed routing mode. To resolve this problem, disable managed routing on the default network. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-84702[OCPBUGS-84702])
```

> * There is a known issue with cluster user-defined network (CUDN) using no-overlay managed routing mode. In this configuration, pods have connectivity issues with remote node IPs due to dropped SYN packets when using outboundSNAT. This issue affects `NodePort` services, host-networked pods, and inter-node traffic when accessing a `NodePort` service with `ExternalTrafficPolicy` set to `Cluster`. There is currently no workaround available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-79682[OCPBUGS-79682])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A known issue exists with cluster user-defined network (CUDN) that use the no-overlay managed routing mode. In this configuration, pods have connectivity issues with remote node IPs due to dropped SYN packets when using the `outboundSNAT` parameter. This issue affects `NodePort` services, host-networked pods, and inter-node traffic when accessing a `NodePort` service with `ExternalTrafficPolicy` set to `Cluster`. There is currently no workaround available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-79682[OCPBUGS-79682])
```

"There is" is a vague referrent. Do similar for the other KI that starts with this referrent.

> * There is currently a known issue where the `ovn-kubernetes-control-plane` Service Account (SA) fails to create the `RouteAdvertisement` CR that is needed in the `openshift-ovn-kubernetes` namespace to enable managed routing mode. Consequentially, no-overlay mode does not work in this configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-83406[OCPBUGS-83406])

Reviewer: Missing "There is currently no workaround available."?

Consequentially > As a consqequence

https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#release-notes-known-issues

> * In this release, users encountering an issue when creating a CUDN (cluster user-defined network) with a transport mode set to 'NoOverlay', may find that their custom resource definition (CRD) lacks the necessary 'NoOverlay' configuration fields. This omission results in network failure, impacting east-west traffic paths due to the missing 'NoOverlay' field in the CRD. To resolve this issue, we recommend using default transport mode. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-86761)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In this release, users encountering an issue when creating a `ClusterUserDefinedNetwork` (CUDN) CR with a transport mode set to 'NoOverlay', might find that their custom resource definition (CRD) lacks the necessary 'NoOverlay' configuration fields. This omission results in network failure, impacting east-west traffic paths due to the missing 'NoOverlay' field in the CRD. To resolve this issue, Red Hat recommends using default transport mode. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-86761)
```

Lot more CR than CRD references in our doc set.

Reviewer: Preview issues: 

<img width="1482" height="396" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6cc4f47f-310a-4bcf-b922-63df67139507" />

'NoOverlay'> `NoOverlay`

Author: Leaving CRD be I specifically asked engineering if it was CR or CRD and they said CRD.
